weather-forecast: Rewrote the story (#2216)
exercism/go: exercises/concept/weather-forecast/.docs/instructions.md

# Instructions

> Goblinocus is a country that takes its weather forecast very seriously! Since you are a renowned responsible proficient developer, they have asked you to write a program for them that can forecast the current weather condition of various cities in Goblinocus. You were busy at that time and asked one of your friends to do the job instead. After a while, the president of Goblinocus contacted you and said they do not understand a bit about your friend's code! When you check the code, you find out your friend did not act as a responsible programmer and there are no comments in the code!!! Therefore as a responsible person, you feel obligated to clarify the program so goblins can understand them as well!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Goblinocus is a country that takes its weather forecast very seriously! Since you are a renowned responsible and proficient developer, they have asked you to write a program for them that can forecast the current weather condition of various cities in Goblinocus. You were busy at that time and asked one of your friends to do the job instead. After a while, the president of Goblinocus contacted you and said they do not understand a bit about your friend's code! When you check the code, you find out your friend did not act as a responsible programmer and there are no comments in the code! Therefore as a responsible person, you feel obligated to clarify the program so goblins can understand them as well!
```

Suggested by Grammarly.

## 1. Document package weather

Since goblins are not as smart as you are, they forgot what the package should do for them! Please write a comment for `package weather` that describes its contents. The package comment should introduce the package and provide information relevant to the package as a whole.

> ## 2. Document the CurrentCondition and CurrentLocation variables

Reviewer: Changes to the instructions' titles must also be reflected in the [hints file](https://github.com/exercism/go/blob/main/exercises/concept/weather-forecast/.docs/hints.md). Can you please also apply this change there as well?

> The president of Goblinocus is a bit paranoid and fears uncommented variables are used for destroying their country! Please clarify the usage of the package variables `CurrentCondition` and `CurrentLocation` and put the president's mind at ease. This should tell any user of the package what information the variables store, and what they can do with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The president of Goblinocus is a bit paranoid and fears uncommented variables are used to destroy their country! Please clarify the usage of the package variables `CurrentCondition` and `CurrentLocation` and put the president's mind at ease. This should tell any user of the package what information the variables store, and what they can do with it.
```

Suggested by Grammarly.

> ## 3. Document the Forecast() function

Reviewer: Changes to the instructions' titles must also be reflected in the [hints file](https://github.com/exercism/go/blob/main/exercises/concept/weather-forecast/.docs/hints.md). Can you please also apply this change there as well?
